update readme (#87)
ce-rust/cerk: README.md

Ports are transport layer bindings over which CloudEvents can be exchanged.
It is built with modularity and portability in mind.

The project was initially created during the student research project [CloudEvents Router](https://eprints.hsr.ch/832/).

## Get Started

> The easiest way to use the router is to use the [docker image](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/cloudeventsrouter/cerk) from docker hub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way to use the router is to use the [docker image](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/cloudeventsrouter/cerk) from Docker Hub.
```

> If you like to build the router by yourself, start with an [example](#examples), may the [hello world example](https://github.com/ce-rust/cerk/tree/master/examples/src/hello_world).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you like to build the router by yourself, start with an [example](#examples). E.g. the [hello world example](https://github.com/ce-rust/cerk/tree/master/examples/src/hello_world).
```
